Cambridge, London and England by Tony Smith.
I come from Cambridge, a beautiful city in the east of England.
It is on the river Kam and has a population of about 120,000.
My hometown is especially famous for its university.
Many famous people studied here, such as Isaac Newton and Charles Darwin.
There are lots of old buildings and churches to visit.
Students and tourists enjoy trips along the river by boat.
Cambridge is 80 kilometres from London.
London is in the south of England and it is on the river Thames.
It has a population of about 7 and a half million, so it is bigger and busier than Cambridge.
It is about 2,000 years old and it is famous for big Ben, Buckingham Palace and Tower Bridge.
England itself is part of an island and you are always near the sea.
The small villages and beaches on the coast are popular for holidays.
Tourists like the areas of low mountains and beautiful lakes in the north and the hills
and pretty villages in the south.
Everywhere in England you will notice how green the countryside is.
It is never very hot in summer or very cold in winter.
So come and see England any time of the year.
But bring an umbrella with you.
You will need it most days.